README.md, before:

#  your_name_here - Portfolio Task
​
[My portfolio site](link_to_your_site)
​
## Project Requirements

### Content
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What aesthetic and technical choices did you make? 
- [ ] At least one profile picture
- [ ] Biography (at least 100 words)
- [ ] Functional Contact Form
- [ ] "Projects" section
- [ ] Links to external sites, e.g. GitHub and LinkedIn.
​
### Technical
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What strategies or design decisions did you work from? 
- [ ] At least 2 web pages.
- [ ] Version controlled with Git
- [ ] Deployed on GitHub pages.
- [ ] Implements responsive design principles.
- [ ] Uses semantic HTML.

### Bonus (optional)
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below, if you included any. 
- [ ] Different styles for active, hover and focus states.
- [ ] Include JavaScript to add some dynamic elements to your site. (Extra tricky!)
​
### Screenshots
> Please include the following:
> - The different pages and features of your website on mobile, tablet and desktop screen sizes (multiple screenshots per page and screen size).
> - The different features of your site, e.g. if you have hover states, take a screenshot that shows that.  
> 
> You can do this by saving the images in a folder in your repo, and including them in your readme document with the following Markdown code: 

####  image_title_goes_here 
![Put a description of your image here](./relative_path_to_file)

Commit message:

updated readme.md, index.html. added index-700px.jpg, index-800px.jpg, projects-700px.jpg, projects-800px.jpg

README.md, after:

#  your_name_here - Portfolio Task
​
[My portfolio site](link_to_your_site)
​
## Project Requirements

### Content
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What aesthetic and technical choices did you make? 
- [x] At least one profile picture
- [x] Biography (at least 100 words)
- [x] Functional Contact Form
- [x] "Projects" section
- [ ] Links to external sites, e.g. GitHub and LinkedIn.
​
### Technical
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What strategies or design decisions did you work from? 
- [x] At least 2 web pages.
- [x] Version controlled with Git
- [x] Deployed on GitHub pages.
- [x] Implements responsive design principles.
- [x] Uses semantic HTML.

### Bonus (optional)
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below, if you included any. 
- [ ] Different styles for active, hover and focus states.
- [ ] Include JavaScript to add some dynamic elements to your site. (Extra tricky!)
​
### Screenshots
> Please include the following:
> - The different pages and features of your website on mobile, tablet and desktop screen sizes (multiple screenshots per page and screen size).
> - The different features of your site, e.g. if you have hover states, take a screenshot that shows that.  
> 
> You can do this by saving the images in a folder in your repo, and including them in your readme document with the following Markdown code: 

####  image_title_goes_here 
![Index.html > 800-px](./img/index-800px.jpg)
![Projects.html > 800-px](./img/projects-800px.jpg)
![Index.html < 800-px](./img/index-700px.jpg)
![Projects.html < 800-px](./img/projects-700px.jpg)
